Documentation changes for Twilio configurations (#733)
wireapp/wire-server: deploy/services-demo/README.md

### This is fantastic, all services up & running... what now, can I run some kind of smoketests?

Yes. You need to specify an email address that the smoketests can log in to via IMAP for it to read and act upon registration/activation emails. Have a look at what the configuration for the [api-smoketest](../../tools/api-simulations/README.md) should be. Once you have the correct `mailboxes.json`, this should just work from the top level directory (note the `sender-email` must match brig's [sender-email](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/develop/services/brig/brig.integration.yaml#L35)).

> For OTP verification using Twilio, you need to specify the sid and token from the Twilio account in the "wire-server/services/brig/test/resources/twilio-credentials.yaml ". And specify your Twilio number in smsSender in file "wire-server/deploy/services-demo/conf/brig.demo.yaml" at `emailSMS.general.smsSender`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to send verification SMS/calls (to support registration using phone numbers), you need to create an account and configure Twilio: you need to specify the sid and token from the Twilio account in the "wire-server/blob/develop/deploy/services-demo/resources/twilio-credentials.yaml". And specify your Twilio number in smsSender in file "wire-server/deploy/services-demo/conf/brig.demo.yaml" at `emailSMS.general.smsSender`. 
```
